.TH VSW-VERIFY "1" "September 2020" "C. T. Al-Hakim" "Verifiable Software"
.SH NAME  
vsw verify \- Verify a software package in the VS repo
.SH SYNOPSIS  
\fBvsw verify\fR
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... \fI\,packageName\/\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION  
.PP
\fBvsw verify\fR - vsw verify is used to verify a software package in the VSW
repo. The tool will request to verify the package identified by
.I packageName
. If no policy is specified, then it will simply verify that a package with the
given name is published and can be validated. If 
.B --policy
is passed, then more complex verification policies will be applied.
.PP
The options are as follows:
.TP
.BI "\-o " file
Send output to the specified file.
.TP
.BI "\-p, \-\-policy " policy
Apply the policy defined in 
.I policy
to the specified package.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
print help menu
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if the software package verifies successfully.
.TP
1
if the software package does not verify.
.TP
2
if unable to communicate with the repo.

.SH EXAMPLES  
.TP  
\fBvsw verify\~--policy\fR\~ mypolicy.json\f\~ foo
(Run vsw verify with mypolicy.json against the package foo)
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Open issues at: <https://github.com/verifiablesoftware/vsw/issues>
.SH AUTHOR
Written by C. T. Al-Hakim and B. Dobry
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2020 Futurewei Technologies, Inc.
.br
License Apache-2.0 License <https://github.com/verifiablesoftware/vsw/blob/master/LICENSE>.
.SH CREDITS  
.PP	
This man page was created only for demonstration purpose by Chaker Al-Hakim on 09/10/2020

.SH SEE ALSO  
.br
vsw register(1)  
.br 
vsw list(1)  
.br 
vsw certify(1)  
.br 
vsw publish(1)  
.br 
vsw verify(1)  
.br 
