.TH VSW-REGISTER "1" "September 2020" "C. T. Al-Hakim" "Verifiable Software"
.SH NAME  
vsw register \- Register with the repo
.SH SYNOPSIS  
\fBvsw register\fR
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... \fI\,username\/\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION  
.PP
\fBvsw register\fR - is used to register a new developer with the repo. This
links the specified username to the developer's DID and optionally associates
other externally identifiable information about the developer. If no options or
username are specified, then the command will prompt the user through the
possible options.
.PP
The options are as follows:
.TP
.BI "\-\-did " DID
Specify which DID to register. If omitted, the default DID will be used.
.TP
.BI "\-\-domain " domain
Specify a domain name to associate with this user. If this flag is passed,
directions will be provided to prove ownership of the domain.
.TP
.BI "\-\-email " email
Specify an email address to associate with this user. If this flag is passed,
directions will be provided to prove ownership of the email address.
.TP
.BI "\-\-github " github-username
Specify a GitHub username to associate with this user. If this flag is passed,
directions will be provided to prove ownership of the GitHub account.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
print help menu
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if registration is successful
.TP
1
if username is in use
.TP
2
if unable to communicate with the repo

.SH EXAMPLES  
.P
Register as a developer with interactive prompts
.P
.RS 2
.nf
$ vsw register
.fi
.RE
.P
Register as vswuser1 and verify an email address
.P
.RS 2
.nf
$ vsw register \-\-email user@example.com vswuser1
.fi
.RE
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Open issues at: <https://github.com/verifiablesoftware/vsw/issues>
.SH AUTHOR
Written by C. T. Al-Hakim and B. Dobry
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2020 Futurewei Technologies, Inc.
.br
License Apache-2.0 License <https://github.com/verifiablesoftware/vsw/blob/master/LICENSE>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
vsw setup(1)
.br
vsw init(1)
.br
vsw install(1)
.br
vsw publish(1)
.br
vsw list(1)
.br
vsw attest(1)
.br
vsw verify(1)
.br
vsw audit(1)
.br
